All right, so I'm gonna make a little bit
of a helper function real quick here.
And this is not one that you should use in
production because it's got a lot of edge
cases, but it'll do the trick.
All right, so
we've got getStateFromLocalStorage and
we'll just say const storage
= localStorage.getItem,
we'll call it counterState.
And then, so the way local storage works
is it's effectively you can store at
a given key, you can store a string, now,
we wanna store an object,
I could just store the string value.
We're gonna store an object,
which means that we will need to
JSON parse it when it comes out.
JSON parse gets real angry if you
pass it undefined or null, so
we'll check to see if it exists.
For our storage, and
if nothing came out of there, if we didn't
hit that conditional, then give me
that default count of 0, all right?
So if there's nothing in local storage,
give me 0.
If there is, go ahead and parse it, and
will eventually store that into the state,
right?
And so in this state will
do places with get state
from local storage actually call
the function, it's JavaScript.
And now, what we want to say is after,
actually,
just make a helper function here as well.
We'll do it in line first actually,
I've decided will say,
local storage, dot set item,
counter storage JSON stringify.
This.state.
All right, so that should do the trick.
Go ahead and increment.
No.
Counter storage,
That's just gonna be a function that will
take some props now we know this
one got Max and step passed in.
So I'll hold on to those for a second.
I use them immediately.
But and so we know that in this case Cool,
the setter function gets a copy of
the state and the props, right.
And we saw that we can pull it out into
increment, and that was super cool.
This one doesn't actually
get any arguments, right.
So trying to say, all right,
I'm gonna do this, and
then instead of doing this.state, so
you could pull it out, will not work.
You do have a few options for
how you wanna handle this.
You could For instance,
if you wanted to make it a function that
was totally separate, not using arrow
functions in this case will do the trick
so you could do something like,
store state and local storage.
Actually, I could bind it up
there like we saw before.
I'm pretty sure I can also just keep
it inside of an arrow function,
we're all gonna find out together.
No, so
you just store state in local storage,
That should do the trick.
All right, so that'll work.
That doesn't feel great.
The other option is to just make
it a method on the class and
do exactly what we did up
here with .bind(this).
The point is if you get confused on, yeah,
I know in the I gotta copy the state and
the props, and
then I go in there to do it.
This has definitely bit me before, and
it's like you don't get
those arguments in there.
So you can Put it on the class and
bind it.
You can bind it on the fly here as well.
It's really up to you.
Or you might just
consider putting in line.
But there is a subtle difference in
the way that the center function works and
the way that the callback function works.
It is not my favorite API choice, but
it is one that exists in this case.
The other option of course
is you could theoretically,
if we wanted to make this an r function,
if we really felt strongly,
and we don't wanna have to remember to
bind it cuz that is a little tricky,
we could make a function where
the person passes it in.
And now we could say, pass in.
Alright, so
there's a little gotcha in there.
Let's just verify that that works
decrement still goes down by one and
doesn't save anything.
So because we only wrote
in the increment function.
Alright, so We now know we can have
call backs, we've know that it behaves
a little bit differently than the setter,
which is unfortunate and will bite you at
least once, nine months from now,
when you forgot that I said that.
And then you remember that I said it,
you'd be like, he's very smart.
It's only that I was
very stupid before hand.
And so that's how that's how
knowledge transfer works.
I'm told.